Welcome back to the next couple of videos we're going to be talking about what about something that's
used underneath the hood of create react up to bundle our files.
Now as you can see from their Web site here wetback simply bundles all our files into what we call static
assets things that we can just send to the browser for us to read our file and instead of doing all
of these things manually.
Well we're back magically combines all its resources to do this for us.
Now what Beck has four main ideas that we need to talk about one is entry and entry is usually your
javascript.
And entry means where does the wetback.
Where does wet pack enter into your project.
So usually this is indexed.
Yes we tell it where to enter so it can start analyzing our projects seeing our files.
And from there it can do the second point which is an output and the output is where should we get back.
Magically output all these files and we usually have a build folder like we have in Crea react up that
says all right I'm going to go through the entry file index has read all the files that are connected
to that index Hygeia file and see what we need.
And from there I'm going to output into the build folder all these files.
Finally within this magical box of wet back there's two concepts that they use.
One is the idea of Lowder's and Lowder's as we'll see in the next videos.
Our tools that compile or transpose all your code so you send in a piece of code through it and from
there it uses something like babble to tranced spile to a different form maybe from six to five.
So those are Lowder's that are inside of this box.
And then the second thing is plug ins and plug ins play a vital role in outputting your code and you
can do different things different sort of plug ins based on how you want your code to be outputted but
enough talk.
Let's get to coding and showing you an example I'll see in the next one.